Laravel comes equipped with tools for asset management, even though our application is written in their
style sheet and a JavaScript asset management is done using notes G.S., the JavaScript runtime notes
Jesus comes with their NPM, the note package manager for JavaScript.
It is what the composer is to be.
All front and libraries will be fetched menaged and versioned using NPM.
Park is a JavaScript module bundler, by definition, by capabilities, it makes it easy to use JavaScript
modules, Bundall and Minify, JavaScript and Access Code and use CSS preprocessor slike less Sarsae
stylus or posts says it allows you to use their most recent versions of JavaScript and compiles the
code the way it will work also on older browsers while being a great tool.
It's a tool you have to learn how to use and it is not trivial.
That's why a lot of a mix exists.
It makes using web bug features dead simple.
Let's have an overview of what features the combination of these tools give you, as mentioned, preprocessing
success, possibility to use modern JavaScript without worrying about the browser support, extracting
vendor libraries, all third party libraries code can go to one file and your application code into
another file, improving your site caching abilities.
Hot module replacement.
It means superfast recompletion time, this feature can recompile and replace only parts of your application,
front and code that has changed during the development of automatic versioning improves browser caching
of your assets.
After every compilation your assets gets are unique, harsh, appended to filenames using viewed single
file components is supported out of the box.
No configuration is needed.
You can use JavaScript modular system, which is something like namespace in B and finally, and maybe
most importantly, your assets get minified out of the box.
No configuration is needed on your side.
If you don't have much JavaScript or front end experience, your head may be spinning from all these
buzzwords you don't have to worry for as most of these features are there for you to work transparently.
That's the beauty of Laravel.
The most advanced state of the art features of today's web development are available even to absolute
beginners.
Try to look at this this way.
You don't need to be a mechanic to drive a car.
If a thing is interesting to you, you might start tinkering and learn the inner workings.
But you don't have to.
You can still drive and get the job done.